Kostadis Roussos: Mail has to go through.
ncroussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Going to the army and having their hair shaved.
ncroussos: Oh.
ncroussos: I'll do it.
Dimos Stathakis: Are you joining the Greek army?
ncroussos: No, no, can I shave your hair?
Dimos Stathakis: Nope.
Dimos Stathakis: If you're here when I do that, then that's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so hey, we're gonna be in the Centrini August 5th through the 16th.
Dimos Stathakis: 5th through the 16th, okay.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, I will see what I can do.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: Remind me something, what's your rule for girlfriends?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you have a girlfriend?
Dimos Stathakis: 6 months?
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, wait, if you have a girlfriend, she can come.
Dimos Stathakis: But you have a rule, I cannot… I cannot…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, dude, you don't… you are an exception to my rule.
ncroussos: Which day?
Dimos Stathakis: Why?
ncroussos: rule.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll tell you why.
ncroussos: Wait, wait, can I know what the rule is?
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, let me pause things, let me explain why there's an exception.
Kostadis Roussos: You're not a player.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So I had friends of mine who changed girlfriends every 3 months.
Kostadis Roussos: You're not that person.
Dimos Stathakis: I know.
Kostadis Roussos: So if you're dating someone, and you want to bring her, it means you've gone through the 3 months of, like, do I even care about this person?
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? It's something serious for you, so you don't have that rule. The rule exists for another set of friends.
Kostadis Roussos: And I… who did not go like that.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So my rule with them was that.
ncroussos: What is this rule?
Kostadis Roussos: Like, I'll explain it to you, Nick.
ncroussos: Just tell me the rule, I can get it, I just want to, like…
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, I need to explain what the rule is, because it's nuanced. That's what you…
Kostadis Roussos: I don't want to meet every last person That, my friends, screw.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't. Like…
Kostadis Roussos: And I have had a bunch of friends who, over the years, had a lot of women that they just were… no, there was nothing serious about them.
Kostadis Roussos: And so there were just a bunch of strangers that showed up in my life that I had to be polite to, and instead of hanging out with my friends, I was hanging out with this stranger.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, I don't want to hang out with every random stranger. So, when it's serious, I'm willing to make… treat them as part of the friend circle. When they're not, they're just a stranger who showed up at a private dinner.
Kostadis Roussos: Does that make sense?
ncroussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So, for me, it's like… and I don't want the stranger at my private dinner, but if the person… if it's serious.
Kostadis Roussos: And the person…
Kostadis Roussos: who has this kind of relationship is the kind of person that only has serious things, then I don't need no 6-month thing, does that make sense?
ncroussos: It was the one?
Kostadis Roussos: The rule is, if you're a player, I want 6 months. And if you're not, I don't care.
ncroussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Does that make sense?
ncroussos: Yeah, okay, I was just one…
Kostadis Roussos: And then, so, to me, the comment is, sometimes we're players, and sometimes we're not. And so, if this is a player thing, no, she's not invited. If this is a… if this is not a player thing, then yeah, she's invited.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, I don't know how to put this, but your brother is a player.
Dimos Stathakis: I know, I don't know, I know that.
Kostadis Roussos: You don't…
Dimos Stathakis: substantial.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and so I don't really want to know
Kostadis Roussos: any of his… any of the women he knows.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, I know. Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Like, when I hang out with your brother, I want to hang out with your brother. I don't want to hang out with your brother and a stranger.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? But if this is a person you feel strongly about, then yeah, of course I want to meet her.
Dimos Stathakis: We will see by then.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, but, like, to me, this is about you, you know, like, if… if…
Kostadis Roussos: If you feel… if you have feelings for her, then, yeah, absolutely.
Kostadis Roussos: You do not strike me as a player, but that's why the rule exists. It exists for all those players.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, just making sure what.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's what the rule says, nothing else.
Dimos Stathakis: So, are we playing D&D or not?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm like, I'm kind of like, now we want to find out about the girl, like, dude, first we find out about the girl.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, what do you want to…
Kostadis Roussos: Picture?
Kostadis Roussos: Picture? Like, like, a picture?
Kostadis Roussos: Share the screen here, I'll show all the share settings here.
Dimos Stathakis: I have to find a picture?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, and that's the important conversation right now.
Dimos Stathakis: I thought we were playing Dean.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, but you drop a bomb like that? We're not playing D&D until the bomb explodes.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, well, I will find some photos to share.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, just for the record, the reason I want the pictures is not because one of my classmates in college invented a relationship with someone who didn't exist, and then invented that he died, and then created a calamity and emotional catastrophe amongst the Greek community at Brown University. No, that would not be the reason I'm asking this question.
ncroussos: What!
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, you got cut off in the end.
Kostadis Roussos: So when I was in… when I was at Brown, There was this woman.
Kostadis Roussos: Who?
Kostadis Roussos: That's what I'm looking for Was very much…
Kostadis Roussos: Who basically said that she would… that there was this person that she had a relationship with.
Kostadis Roussos: And that person… Was, didn't exist.
Kostadis Roussos: And then that person died. And everybody was sad, and then somebody went to the university where said person was supposed to exist, and then discovered that said person had never existed.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: It was literally out of a fucking movie.
Dimos Stathakis: So the two images I'm gonna show is for our graduation.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, she's hot!
Dimos Stathakis: And when she went to drive a Lamborghini.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, why the fuck are you allowed to be dating somebody this hot? Like, when did you acquire those kinds of permissions?
Dimos Stathakis: What do you mean?
Kostadis Roussos: Like, do you agree with me, Nico?
Kostadis Roussos: Like, I mean, you know, you are playing way out of your league here, buddy.
Kostadis Roussos: This is a compliment, Vimo, not a criticism.
Dimos Stathakis: I know, I know, I know, don't you worry, I know.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, good, I don't want you to feel self-conscious. I'm just, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Or at least I'm not doing what when I first showed my first girlfriend to some of my relatives. Then you're not asking me.
Kostadis Roussos: With genuine surprise.
Kostadis Roussos: Or even worse, you know Morphe. Like, shock.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, now that you've dropped the bomb… It landed.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no. That's what the summer's for.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, we're never gonna play D&D again, Nick. Okay, I won't ask.
Dimos Stathakis: I'm here…
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm just saying that…
Dimos Stathakis: karting and swimming, and then I came here to play D&D with you.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I know, I know. Alright, where are you, by the way?
Dimos Stathakis: What do you mean, my house?
Kostadis Roussos: Kriti, that's what I meant. Where physically are you?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Alright, let's go to D&D Beyond.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, let's go to Rule 20…
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know whether you guys read the summary, but I'm sure you didn't, so let me just do a quick reminder. I'm gonna read the short summary.
Dimos Stathakis: Why would you think that?
Kostadis Roussos: What? That you would dread?
Dimos Stathakis: Everything.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: That you read it? Because you got better think…
Kostadis Roussos: Because you have better things to do with your lives. They're like.
ncroussos: having a girlfriend.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, I mean, yeah, I mean, like, you know, no. Alright, so I'm just gonna read it.
Kostadis Roussos: After a brief rest in sporedom, the party's downtime was cut short when a messenger summoned them to a meeting on behalf of a coalition of powerful factions. Inside a hollowed-out mushroom, they met Glor, a mind flayer representing the Rick'sig Illithid encampment, who claimed his community had chosen peaceful coexistence over conquest.
Kostadis Roussos: Glor warned that the fire giants in Mermindra had built an arcane siege weapons aimed at surface cities like Elventree and Hillsfar, and offered to share knowledge on disabling them in exchange for the party hunting down a rogue mind flayer that had severed its connection to the Elder Brains Collective.
Kostadis Roussos: After debating the ethics of the task, and Diane delivering a cold warning that false intelligence would have consequences for the Rick'sig colony, a deal was struck, and Glor handed over a map.
Kostadis Roussos: Ten days of the travel through the underdog brought the party to a rogue's lair, where they discovered four corpses with their brains surgically removed, and a table covered in alarming intelligence. Detailed maps of Hillsfar, Flan, and Mulmaster, along with mercantile agreements tied to a mysterious group
Kostadis Roussos: called the Red Blooms. A stone basin shaped like the underside of a human brain appeared to serve as the key to a sealed door.
Kostadis Roussos: Requiring an actual brain to open it, with two doors leading deeper into the lair, one concealing the imprisoned voice to Aries adrow from their past, and another radiating an unsettling cold, the party stood at a dangerous crossroads, the rogue Mind Flayer sequence still waiting to be uncovered.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just do it again.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I need to do one more thing…
Kostadis Roussos: How was it,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: To just bring up the, the,
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry guys, I just, suddenly realized I had the,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, there it is, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Just one thing…
Kostadis Roussos: As soon as we're driving.
Kostadis Roussos: Wizards of the Coup, not Dan's Guild…
Kostadis Roussos: Tungeon Master is still on there.
Kostadis Roussos: What is it? What's it called? What was it called?
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, sorry about this.
Dimos Stathakis: No problem.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh, what was that?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Wizards of the Coast, that was my mistake, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: I was… I was trying to find the file, and I couldn't find it.
Kostadis Roussos: Because I was looking in the wrong place…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that'll be interesting,
Kostadis Roussos: Ugh! Goddammit, I hate the way search works in this goddamn product.
Kostadis Roussos: Can I just say that, Dimos?
Dimos Stathakis: which product?
Kostadis Roussos: Windows.
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, you can say a lot of bad things about Winter Soil, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want you to know that, like, today is, like, one of the things that I really find irritating
Kostadis Roussos: is… okay, fine.
Dimos Stathakis: This just doesn't work at all.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You, yeah. Yep. Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: That is correct.
Dimos Stathakis: Like, I know I have somewhere the VMware workstations downloaded somewhere, but I have to go through the file system. The search doesn't work about that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know, it doesn't work. It's like, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, so here we are. Okie dokie.
Kostadis Roussos: Fine. Alright. You are… okay. So, we're ready to go, I have everything loaded, sorry about that, that took a little bit longer than I would have liked.
Kostadis Roussos: Got it. Okay, so where do you want to go?
Kostadis Roussos: Just one detail, one detail. I didn't realize that one of you spoke Common, right?
Dimos Stathakis: I think all…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, spoke under… you speak under common.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, probably does, and…
Kostadis Roussos: I ordered it, Nick told Nick to pick it up, it probably, if it's not outside, he's probably in his belly right now.
Kostadis Roussos: I was accused. Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: Akleita Sen Braugum spoke undercomo.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he says, he said, I was weak once, never again.
Dimos Stathakis: Who said that?
Kostadis Roussos: Arise.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, but that's it. That's all you can hear.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so we have the journalist with the prisoners, or the cold door.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos Stathakis: Nick…
Kostadis Roussos: And if you click on it, you should be able to click on it, and it'll show you what it… it shows you the description.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Which way?
Kostadis Roussos: Left or right?
Dimos Stathakis: Do you have any… Do you want to take this, or just go from the prisoners?
ncroussos: Let's go le- let's just go left.
Kostadis Roussos: To the, to the door? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty, and
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you're gonna go through the left.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm… okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Review.
Kostadis Roussos: Here we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, do you guys… okay, you should see four, five guys with numbers, and one fifth guy who's a Giff Yankee. They look… I don't think you've ever met these guys before, this class of people before. And I need a drow. You see, do I have an icon for a Reeze?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I do not.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just a controller.
Kostadis Roussos: Here we go.
Kostadis Roussos: And one draw.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Who opened the door?
Dimos Stathakis: Diane?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so Ariz… Is, you open the door, and much to your horror.
Kostadis Roussos: Much to your horror, the five creatures look at you, and what do they do?
Kostadis Roussos: You know, first of all, roll your stealth to see if you, like, open it quietly or make a total fool of yourself.
Dimos Stathakis: Everyone was just dying.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, Diane's the one who opened the door.
Dimos Stathakis: Then we… our creators will represent them.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, it's good.
Dimos Stathakis: It's fine, it's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: So, are you open? What did you rule?
Dimos Stathakis: 15.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see what their perception is.
Kostadis Roussos: That's passive perception.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so they are so clearly… they are… they are clearly enjoying tormenting this guy. Alright, the rest of you are right behind it.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm assuming, right?
Kostadis Roussos: With a Albert that's trying to squeeze through, you know, taking a diet kind of thing.
Kostadis Roussos: You know what you really guys need? You guys need a wand of enlargement.
Kostadis Roussos: And reduce so you can shrink Owlbear to a manageable size, and then cast Enlarge and have him attack.
ncroussos: That's a good idea.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. Bromgrim goes, Pity, pity, pity we have an artificer who's more concerned about his own power rather than the team's progress.
ncroussos: Go ahead and haven't asked for anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Is it my job to understand how to use your powers more eloquently? Kanitas turns to Bromgrim, of course, and says, We're about to attack, is this the right time?
Kostadis Roussos: have this debate.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, of course. Alright, roll for, diane, what do you do?
Kostadis Roussos: The first thing, roll an insight check.
Kostadis Roussos: Diane?
Dimos Stathakis: Does he have help?
Kostadis Roussos: You know, the rest of you could also sort of look across him.
Dimos Stathakis: everyone rolls.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, roll.
Dimos Stathakis: Natural 20A from Brunken.
Kostadis Roussos: Rom Grim.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh?
Kostadis Roussos: So, the Githyanki… okay, so choral… a chorus of guttural voices can be plainly heard shouting what sounds like angry insults.
Kostadis Roussos: A male Aries appears to be tied to a post, and four strange-looking… five strange… actually, six strange-looking green-skinned humanoids scream at him. One of the four carries a massive silvery blade, and all of them are wearing ornately covered exotic armor.
Kostadis Roussos: As you look at him, you realize they're poking and prodding him, as if equal parts curious and horrified by his hideous visage caused by the infection.
Kostadis Roussos: If you remember the, his, he was plagued with odd, colorful scars.
Dimos Stathakis: Not really.
Kostadis Roussos: Very early on, when you first met Arise, you met him in the basement of.
Dimos Stathakis: offense?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. And he was afflicted by a disease.
ncroussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And so… He's still scarred by that disease.
Kostadis Roussos: Like… facially scarred. I mean, emotionally too, but now I'm focusing on the physical scarring, alright?
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
ncroussos: We don't have… we're not psychologists.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, I mean, you know, he kind of looks ugly. He looks buff ugly. Alright, it's quite clear that these Githianchi don't, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Just… are they… let me just make sure I don't… I don't get this wrong…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so it's quite clear that the Githyanki are tormenting your buddy, Arise.
Kostadis Roussos: For all you know, they have been inflicted by the madness of this area. For all you know, they're planning to use his brain as a solution to the problem of getting through the door. To be quite honest, you have no idea what's gonna happen next. But, you also recognize that there are 5… there are 5 heads with 5 brains. That much… convenient, you might even say.
Dimos Stathakis: Bye.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you need 4, remember, to open up the…
Dimos Stathakis: Number 4?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Well, I mean, you need two. Sorry. You discovered another…
Dimos Stathakis: Thanks, Susan.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, okay, we have another brain basin, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, I should've… I did not put that there, yeah. You have another brain.
Dimos Stathakis: So I'm guessing there are four, so we have to go to each corridor and each… the room.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, you see another door opening here, right?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Dimos Stathakis: And we see the locked door here, like the…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos Stathakis: Right here, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And you're like, well, convenient!
Dimos Stathakis: I guess so, I guess.
Dimos Stathakis: Let's hope it's the right size.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll an Arcana check.
Dimos Stathakis: Have a good one.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Dimos Stathakis: 21 from Diane.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: 21 from Diane?
Dimos Stathakis: 13 from Brahm.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay?
Kostadis Roussos: Thank you.
Dimos Stathakis: -
Kostadis Roussos: Did anybody roll over… So whoever rolled the 15, yes?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: People are all over 15, I guess. I don't know why they… so 2 times.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, because you have two windows open.
Dimos Stathakis: What do you mean, two windows?
Kostadis Roussos: To… so the, the, the… If you look at…
Kostadis Roussos: Roll20, if it has two windows open, it will send it twice.
Kostadis Roussos: Because the way the D&D Beyond is set up is it doesn't know how to handle one window. Two windows being opened through
Kostadis Roussos: To roll 20.
Dimos Stathakis: But I have only one window with Roll20.
Kostadis Roussos: You probably don't. Doesn't matter.
Kostadis Roussos: Just use the first… we'll just use the first roll, okay?
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, but I… I'm seeing all my windows open, I don't have any… another window open.
Kostadis Roussos: Close your browser, start it all over again, I don't know what…
Dimos Stathakis: It's fine, huh? We're gonna get the first one, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: That's what I usually do when this happens.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, who attacks first?
Kostadis Roussos: Did we do initiative?
Dimos Stathakis: So, we, we do our canine.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you did Arcana. So, the Arcana check tells you that,
Kostadis Roussos: These, these are Githyanki, and Githianchi are enemies of Mind Flayers, but they are also arrogant, racist.
Kostadis Roussos: They're a very arrogant culture that views everyone else in a subservient role.
Kostadis Roussos: And that there is legends that their queen is some kind of demon.
Dimos Stathakis: A…
Kostadis Roussos: In other words, they are not the kind of people that you necessarily can have a reasonable conversation with.
Kostadis Roussos: They are one of the other creatures.
Kostadis Roussos: That have, survived, that were… they were…
Kostadis Roussos: The legends that you've heard of them are that the Girhyanki were humans that were twisted and tormented by the Mind Flayers, and then rebelled against the Mind Flayers, and are why the Mind Flayer Empire was destroyed.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But, along the way, they created an unending war with Mind Flayers, and in that unending war with Mind Flayers, they have been, what's the word I'm looking for? They have been…
Kostadis Roussos: What have they been doing? They kind of take a dim view to everybody else. Everybody else is just a function in their war to the Mind Flayers. Does that make sense?
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So… You also… so, so they are not, you know, they are not the good guys. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Diane, what would you like to do?
Kostadis Roussos: What you're concluding is what…
Dimos Stathakis: Mr.
Kostadis Roussos: What you're concluding is that Ariz is probably a dead man if you don't save him.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, we're gonna save him, because we'll have to kill him anyways, but…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just saying, you know, you shouldn't feel too bad about it, is what I'm trying to say.
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, he's not been… has been very useful.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he helped you twice.
Dimos Stathakis: Now he's more in trouble than he helped us.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: But we have to save him, we have to kill them anyways for the brains.
Kostadis Roussos: Problem grip, yes. Alright, fair enough.
Dimos Stathakis: So, Initi, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, initiative.
Dimos Stathakis: Nicole for Initiative.
ncroussos: Yep, yep, yep, I know.
ncroussos: Fixed.
Kostadis Roussos: No, but hold on, hold on.
Dimos Stathakis: data to put Felcor.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: Do we get an attack, a surprise attack or not?
Kostadis Roussos: Roll, everybody rolls their, surprise. Tell me, you know, just roll their, self.
Dimos Stathakis: Fold?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll tell you who gets surprised and who doesn't.
Dimos Stathakis: Dying with 25.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Diane… I need a column here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, fair enough.
Dimos Stathakis: Balam group of 15.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So they get to attack Albert.
Dimos Stathakis: 4?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: A critas?
Dimos Stathakis: 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, Velcor.
ncroussos: 4.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so Diane, Akaritas, Braumgrim, and then, we go normally do it through initiatives.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Die in Europe first.
Dimos Stathakis: Co-share on text number 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Does he say anything heroic as he charges in, or does he just charge in?
Dimos Stathakis: certain scenes.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay. So that's a hit for 13… And the other…
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, what armor class did you hit? They have 17 armor class.
Dimos Stathakis: I rolled 28 and a.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, okay, fair, fair, fair, fair, fair…
Dimos Stathakis: 17? Come on.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Dimos Stathakis: and…
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know, man, you know.
Dimos Stathakis: 27022… okay, yeah.
Dimos Stathakis: Brown creams?
Dimos Stathakis: Move here, and… He… does the…
Kostadis Roussos: You updated the damage, right?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, yeah.
Dimos Stathakis: She just… Period Guardian.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: 15-foot radius, I guess? What level?
Dimos Stathakis: Hello.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh?
Dimos Stathakis: So, everyone has… Everyone!
Kostadis Roussos: I think if he moves into everyone, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So, DC South…
Dimos Stathakis: He will go there, and… Seven days for everyone.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so that's 6D20, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: Hmm?
Kostadis Roussos: 3 made it… Okay, so we're gonna go…
Kostadis Roussos: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and the last one is the night. Alright. Doesn't really matter in either queue.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so 2, 3, 4… gets full diamonds, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, 2, 3, 4 gets full damage.
Kostadis Roussos: 13.
Dimos Stathakis: 5… 5, and the other one gets 7 diamonds.
Kostadis Roussos: Not 7, 17.
Dimos Stathakis: Why 17?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh, you said 14 damage, I thought you said 35.
Dimos Stathakis: Protein, so they go down to 35.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I'm sorry, I heard 35 damage.
Dimos Stathakis: The night, the night here… 86… And…
Dimos Stathakis: 2, 3, 4 are half speed, but I don't think it matters in that case.
Kostadis Roussos: Noth.
Dimos Stathakis: And he also casts… Spiritual weapon has a bone suction.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you can't cast two spells in the same round. You can cast a… he can use a cantrip, but he can't… he can use a cantrip as a bonus action, but you cannot cast two spells in a round.
Dimos Stathakis: He doesn't have any country that is a bone section, so that's it, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: Critas?
Dimos Stathakis: We'll come here, and he will… use Honda's mark.
Dimos Stathakis: Number 1…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: So, and first attack…
Dimos Stathakis: Heats… Or… well, he's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, dead.
Dimos Stathakis: And he moves the marks on to number 2.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you do that?
Dimos Stathakis: Excellent.
Dimos Stathakis: I'm doing that, so…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, I mean, no, no, no.
Dimos Stathakis: to Keny.
Kostadis Roussos: When you do that, you used a bonus action to cast it.
Kostadis Roussos: Is it a free action to move it?
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, no, it's a bonus action to move it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you can't move it.
Dimos Stathakis: That's fine.
Dimos Stathakis: So it attacks number 3 now.
Dimos Stathakis: That also hits, and he also uses favored 4 to do on D6 more.
Dimos Stathakis: So that's… 12 plus 618 plus 6 24.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: So, yeah…
Dimos Stathakis: So yeah, that's…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… Okay, Gith Yankee number 3 goes. 1, 2…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, he attacks twice with his…
Kostadis Roussos: Actually… Twice was his greatsword.
Kostadis Roussos: Wow. And misses twice.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: Does he get, damage the roll, or do I roll a new one?
Dimos Stathakis: from the… Spirit Guardian.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he didn't finish his turn in the round.
Dimos Stathakis: So we get 3 attack opportunities?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he misty-stepped.
Dimos Stathakis: You did what?
Kostadis Roussos: Misty Step.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, come on.
Kostadis Roussos: You asked, what did he do? I told you what he did.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: the lake fun.
Kostadis Roussos: I do like fun. That's why we're doing this combat.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so… the night?
Kostadis Roussos: What's your armor clause?
Kostadis Roussos: What armor are you wearing?
Dimos Stathakis: massive.
Dimos Stathakis: Which one? 17 is the lowest.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he's going to try to attack you with his character.
Kostadis Roussos: Act with your greatsword. It's about plus 9.
Kostadis Roussos: Hit.
Dimos Stathakis: Mrs.
Kostadis Roussos: You said 17.
Dimos Stathakis: I said, which one? Brownwood has 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, what armor class is… what armor is he wearing? Okay, never mind then. Sorry, nevermind.
Dimos Stathakis: I didn't know which one you wanted.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, that's fair, that's fair, fair, fair, fair, I thought, I thought, my bad, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: He's going to Misty Step over here.
Kostadis Roussos: And then attack the owlbear.
Dimos Stathakis: That also has 17.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. So I hit twice.
Dimos Stathakis: Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: So the owlbear takes,
Kostadis Roussos: How much does he take? He takes, 26.
Kostadis Roussos: Plus 20… 46 points of damage.
Dimos Stathakis: worth this? K?
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Now the other Githian Key Warrior.
Kostadis Roussos: It's over here… And attacks Bromgrim, trying to break his concentration.
Kostadis Roussos: And Mrs. Spectacularly?
Dimos Stathakis: Where do you see that?
Kostadis Roussos: Because I do.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so for that, I do not… okay, so, let's see… Is he…
Kostadis Roussos: Misty step over there.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you can.
Kostadis Roussos: So I missed these steps over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, your turn.
Dimos Stathakis: So it's turn…
Kostadis Roussos: It's Diane Stern.
Dimos Stathakis: X number 4… That's a hit for the total of 16 second attack.
Dimos Stathakis: It's also a heat for food.
Dimos Stathakis: 15… so that's 31. Oh, he's still alive.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: Wait, no, I'm gonna use action shirts.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you're gonna use Action Search.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Dimos Stathakis: So I get 2 more attacks, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos Stathakis: Great.
Dimos Stathakis: So, number 4… is really dead because I got critical.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: And number… now, number 2…
Dimos Stathakis: It's heat for 13.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: The old bear… It's gonna attack number 3 first.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: He can't attack in this hallway. He can only attack number 5.
Dimos Stathakis: Really?
Kostadis Roussos: Because he's in the hallway. Remember, you can't attack when you're in the hallway.
Kostadis Roussos: If you're large, he's too large to move into the hallway.
Dimos Stathakis: Mine.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he's like… that's… we had that rule, like, I'm not…
Kostadis Roussos: It's not, like, a new rule.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, wait. No.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, no, sorry.
Dimos Stathakis: Let's see, yeah. So… That's a hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Against number 5, yes, that is a hint.
Dimos Stathakis: Number 5… 12 hit points, and second attempt, that's also for 16, so 28 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I've never had such bad dice rolling in a long time. Can I eat that syrup?
Dimos Stathakis: Critters will attack… Can he attack number 3?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Dimos Stathakis: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: This is not first edition rules.
Dimos Stathakis: That's a heat, and number 3 is dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: And then he… he's gonna talk… Number… true, I guess.
Dimos Stathakis: And that's 9 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: Felcore.
Kostadis Roussos: Volker, you're up.
Dimos Stathakis: We have a… Big guy here that needs your attention.
ncroussos: Alright, I'll give him my attention.
ncroussos: antec.
ncroussos: Only Firebolt?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, firebolt's a good choice. Armor class of 18.
ncroussos: God damn it.
Kostadis Roussos: That's a 16.
ncroussos: That's a myth.
ncroussos: That's a myth, wow.
Kostadis Roussos: It's unfortunate.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The Githyanki Warrior No. 2.
Kostadis Roussos: It will strike down.
Kostadis Roussos: Try to strike down, Bromgen.
Kostadis Roussos: And this is both times, and yes, he will misty-step himself out of this mess.
ncroussos: Gray.
Kostadis Roussos: Spoon.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, if he goes there, he exposes himself to an attack of opportunity, so he'll go right here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: So it's Browngrim's turn.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: Is it? Yeah, it's Ron Grimstrum, yes.
Dimos Stathakis: If he moves here.
Kostadis Roussos: This is a reminder.
Kostadis Roussos: Take out dogs.
Dimos Stathakis: those two get hit from the Spirit Guardian.
Kostadis Roussos: Just a reminder. What does the rule say?
Dimos Stathakis: I don't remember, I have to re-read it.
Dimos Stathakis: Hmm…
Kostadis Roussos: I think so.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, whenever a creature enters the ammunition or ends the turn, the creature must make a wisdom saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so, no, they… yeah, it's… it's… the creature moved away, it's not you doing the infinite hit point damage deck.
Dimos Stathakis: So, they don't get hit by me going there.
Kostadis Roussos: No, they do, they do.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not… the infinite hit point attack is where you move out 5, move in 5, move out 5, move in 5, move out 5, move in 5, move out 5, move in 5, 6… 6 times, 3 times, and then as you do 3, then…
Dimos Stathakis: So, if that doesn't make them get hit more times.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so… yeah, doing this, for example.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Does not cause them to be hit twice.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so at least they get hit once here.
Dimos Stathakis: So let me roll the diamonds.
Kostadis Roussos: And saving throws, right?
Dimos Stathakis: They both get 12 hit points if they miss.
Kostadis Roussos: The night did not miss… No, they both miss, sorry.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay… So, their speed is halved.
Dimos Stathakis: And…
Dimos Stathakis: Browngreen will use… Toll the dead 2 number.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, sorry.
Dimos Stathakis: Number two, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll for damage.
Dimos Stathakis: You have to do it, this is 17th… Wisdom 7th row.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, he blew it, so who took the…
Dimos Stathakis: 2 is dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the Githyanki Knight casts Planeshift and leaves.
Dimos Stathakis: Wait, I have not used my spell yet.
Kostadis Roussos: You used a cantrip. Oh, you don't use your… that's your action. Do you have a bonus action spell?
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, right, no. Well, yes, I can cast, spirit weapon.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, got a spirit welcome.
Dimos Stathakis: I've got experience with them.
Dimos Stathakis: I'll cast it here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll damage?
Dimos Stathakis: I can attack.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you can't, because your bonus action is casting it, your action would be attacking.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so yeah, I gotta… so yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, the bonus action is a square, you use the action to attack the first round, then you use a bonus action to move in it, and that's part of the movement, it's an attack. Alright, yes. Okay. So, alright, so he casts Planeshift, and the two of the two…
Kostadis Roussos: On, Gith Yankee Warrior 5 and Gith Yankee Warrior Think says something about how it says something, something, that you get the impression you've acquired a permanent enemy and disappears.
Dimos Stathakis: No!
Kostadis Roussos: Yes?
Dimos Stathakis: We have only 3 brains.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you have 4, there were 6 of them.
Dimos Stathakis: All right, right, we killed one, two, four, right.
Kostadis Roussos: I've got 4.
Kostadis Roussos: It would have been awkward if you hadn't finished that last kill, let me just say. Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I was kind of wondering, are they gonna get there or not?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you go inside here. Alright, Ariz is very happy to see you.
Dimos Stathakis: How did he end up here?
Kostadis Roussos: How did he end up here?
Kostadis Roussos: That is a very good question.
Kostadis Roussos: He says, well… Remember how I held you with that whole smuggling operation?
Dimos Stathakis: Should we?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Remember how you guys worked with him?
Kostadis Roussos: You guys left.
Kostadis Roussos: To…
Kostadis Roussos: go… remember several weeks… several… a few months ago, you had an operation to go down into the Underdark to bring supplies to the drow.
ncroussos: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And that he was… he and this, hippie-go-lucky woman were your contacts that led you through that, and along the way, you met up with a bunch of demons and some kulatoans who were worshipping demons.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you recall? Yeah.
ncroussos: I remember the Kuwaito.
Dimos Stathakis: Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Anyway, so, he decided that after that.
Kostadis Roussos: After that, he kind of was like, my life sucks, I… he goes, look.
Kostadis Roussos: I thought…
Kostadis Roussos: you know, it was safe in the, in the overbright. And it turns out, it wasn't safe in the overbright. Then I thought I'd work with somebody who moved between the overbright and the underdark. It was a job. And then what happens? I get attacked by demons, I get attacked by this, I get attacked by that. So then I decided, screw it. I'm just moving back to the underdark, and I got caught.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, why would you move back to the Underdark?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Dimos Stathakis: Why would you move back?
Dimos Stathakis: Sorry, I missed that part, sorry.
Dimos Stathakis: What happened to the overbride that he didn't like?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, it was dangerous.
ncroussos: Hi.
Dimos Stathakis: Down here is less dangerous.
Kostadis Roussos: Look, let me explain something to you. I'm a drow. I understand the underdark danger.
Kostadis Roussos: The overbright, everybody smiles! Everybody's smiling. But are they happy? No, they're just smiling.
ncroussos: I don't like…
Dimos Stathakis: Go to give birth somewhere to the overbride.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Dimos Stathakis: You need some air from the overbride.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, no, I don't. I like the Underdark. You know the other thing I like about the Underdark? My eyes don't hurt.
ncroussos: She wears sunglasses.
Kostadis Roussos: Egos are affected very negatively by the sun.
Kostadis Roussos: They actually have, canonically, disadvantage when in bright sunlight. Because, as far as I'm concerned, I want to be in the dark sea, under dark.
Kostadis Roussos: And so he goes.
Kostadis Roussos: He says, I just really don't want to be here anymore. And so, as if you would be so kind to let me go, I really appreciate the saving, but I really don't want to be here anymore.
Dimos Stathakis: Why would we keep you?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I don't know. You're overwriters. That's what you do.
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, you know what? What?
Kostadis Roussos: Roll in.
Dimos Stathakis: We're not straight.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll an insight, roll an insight check.
ncroussos: He's insane, isn't he?
Dimos Stathakis: And that's what one from Brown couldn't know.
ncroussos: 18.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, yes, he is in fact insane. He's been afflicted by the madness… the madness of the area, so, like, right now, the best thing you could do is either cast a lesser restoration on him to heal him, or let him go.
Dimos Stathakis: Then we have the streams? The mushrooms?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, you also have the shrooms.
ncroussos: Yeah, let's give him some shrimp.
Dimos Stathakis: Let's give him a piece of this room again.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He… he eats this room.
Kostadis Roussos: There's, you know, that moment, and then he goes.
Kostadis Roussos: What the hell? Why am I here? What's going on? Oh, right. Left the overbright, left the job.
Kostadis Roussos: Thought I'd find it safer here.
Kostadis Roussos: Got caught, pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: You suddenly see the old calculating Aries back.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you want to ask him any questions?
Dimos Stathakis: Where did you get the craziness?
Dimos Stathakis: Do you remember? Can you recall anything?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, dudes, are you not, like, you recall that the craziness is just a function of the madness that the demons have brought into the area. You guys have been affected by it.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, we know, but you have to be somewhere near the craziness to get inflicted.
Kostadis Roussos: No, sometimes, it depends. Sometimes it can be just, you did something, or whatnot. He doesn't know. Let me put it this way, he doesn't know.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, because if there was another…
Dimos Stathakis: area that was inflicted with craziness. We have to go see why there is That they're with craziness.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, he pauses, he goes, this place here is infected with craziness.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: Good.
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses, he goes, they were gonna cut my brain open and put it in that jar.
Dimos Stathakis: Well, that's what we're gonna do to them.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yeah, I know, but that's them, not me, so as far as I'm concerned…
Dimos Stathakis: So, but we have to go to see the other two rooms.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's a you problem, not a me problem.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah. Next time you see us, just…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, he wrapped with this.
Dimos Stathakis: here.
Kostadis Roussos: How about this? I'm just gonna wait over here, he walks out, and
Kostadis Roussos: When you guys are ready to go, we can figure out where we're both going, and maybe we stick around, we hang out for a little bit.
Dimos Stathakis: Just go somewhere safe, and next time you see us, just get us a beer.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, you guys look strong and powerful, so I'm thinking…
Kostadis Roussos: you know, maybe we could, like, work together, like, travel together a little bit in the Underdark before I go my way, you go your way?
Dimos Stathakis: Are you ready to get into the fights?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, no, no, no, I'm gonna wait for you, I… no, no, this… no, no, I…
Dimos Stathakis: So, what's the use on us? Why would…
Kostadis Roussos: Friends? Friends? We're friends, right?
Dimos Stathakis: We're acquaintances.
Kostadis Roussos: I cook.
Dimos Stathakis: We're gonna have a test run after we finish the…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright then, sounds good.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: So get ready, because we're gonna be very hungry.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so now.
Dimos Stathakis: And we're not eating planes.
Kostadis Roussos: You're not eating.
Kostadis Roussos: Reveal polygon.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Which way do you want to go? To the, northeast, or, continue to go to the area, the other, the other doorway that you guys didn't explore?
Dimos Stathakis: Let's go northeast.
Kostadis Roussos: Northeast.
Dimos Stathakis: So, should we start putting the brains now?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let's keep noting.
Dimos Stathakis: Let's explore everything, and then we do that.
Dimos Stathakis: Because they can get rotten, I don't know how brains work.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, alright. It's like, I don't know how brains work, he says. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you approach this door… And…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me, let me just get up the description of the store.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The entry of this chamber has been covered in fungus, And thick moss.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, sorry, not the entirety. So you're gonna open…
Kostadis Roussos: Will you open the door?
ncroussos: Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, this chamber is.
Dimos Stathakis: Hear anything?
Dimos Stathakis: Do we hear anything from the door, or…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I'm trying.
Dimos Stathakis: with Nicole.
Kostadis Roussos: Yup,
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, role of pers… role in investigation.
Dimos Stathakis: Everyone?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Dimos Stathakis: 5…
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, you have a choice. You can either have one person roll
Kostadis Roussos: You can either do a group investigation, or have somebody help, or each role independently.
Dimos Stathakis: Can you repeat, sir, maybe?
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody can roll, everybody can roll independently. You can roll a group investigation, which means two out of the four of you have to succeed, or you can have one person be helped.
Dimos Stathakis: Investigation… Felcor has a good investigation. We're gonna do just FELCOR.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, helped, helped, help Falco roll an investigation with Advantage.
ncroussos: Okay.
ncroussos: In fact, yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, what'd you got?
ncroussos: Vintage, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
ncroussos: 24.
Kostadis Roussos: 24?
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: And what is it that you discover?
Kostadis Roussos: A faint acrid odor hangs in the air, similar to freshly harvested alfalfa.
Kostadis Roussos: Would you like to open the door?
Dimos Stathakis: What is, doing?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Dimos Stathakis: You said… okay, yeah, let's open the door.
Kostadis Roussos: Alfalfa is a… is a plant… is a plant… is a grass.
Kostadis Roussos: It's like a field that has been harvested.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And so, have you ever seen wheat that's recently been cut, or grass that's been recently cut?
Kostadis Roussos: You're from Greece, so you don't know that.
Dimos Stathakis: You just cut… you just cut off, I didn't hear what you said.
Kostadis Roussos: Was it, so, so, in, in the, so…
Kostadis Roussos: In a humid environment, if you have a whole bunch of.
Dimos Stathakis: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Greens, and you cut them, it kind of leaves a very slight Stinky smell.
Dimos Stathakis: Smell, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: So we just smelled that of Fred's cut grass.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, okay, let's open it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: This chamber…
Kostadis Roussos: It is incredibly humid, and the air is very stale. A faint, acrid odor hangs in the air similar to freshly harvested alfalfa. Several large orbs hang in the air, bobbing gently. More alarmingly, they have a number of large stalks growing from the central mass.
Kostadis Roussos: The entirety of the chamber has been covered in fungus and slick moss.
Kostadis Roussos: Of course.
Kostadis Roussos: And you, of course, see the brain jar.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: Can you also reopened the starting point?
Kostadis Roussos: That's the worst.
Kostadis Roussos: You mean… this one?
Dimos Stathakis: Chamber one, the…
Kostadis Roussos: Nope, nope.
Dimos Stathakis: the entrance…
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, should be fixed, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Dimos Stathakis: So we get inside, and there's nothing except grass.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I didn't say that. I said… There are floating balls.
Kostadis Roussos: And… And several large orbs.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, let's investigate them.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, as you're investigating, roll a DC15 perception, insight, or DC-18 investigation.
Dimos Stathakis: Investigation or perception, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, what did you want?
Dimos Stathakis: We made it, Hakritis 11, Braug Grim 20, Diane… 21… Felcor.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you, you, you then have… okay, so you…
Kostadis Roussos: have over here, where I just dropped a pin,
Kostadis Roussos: You make out a humanoid shape buried beneath a mound of debris and muck.
Dimos Stathakis: 3…
Dimos Stathakis: That's that?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to look into it? I mean, I'm assuming it's… I'm giving you an opportunity to not look at it.
Dimos Stathakis: Nick, do you want to poke it or not?
ncroussos: Yeah.
Dimos Stathakis: Let's poke it, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Nick pokes it… Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: You un- you see a human, you see a…
Kostadis Roussos: You find… discover an unconscious Duergar.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you wake her up?
ncroussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just make sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just make sure, because I think this… you guys met her before, but I don't want… I'm not quite sure. Give me a second, what's her name?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope, you don't, I've never met her before. Alright,
Kostadis Roussos: Make sure if I do anything, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Awesome.
Dimos Stathakis: Just before we should fireball and burn everything in here.
Kostadis Roussos: What, what did you say?
Dimos Stathakis: Why I'm thinking that we should fireball and burn everything in here?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, she's, she kind of wakes up, and says.
Kostadis Roussos: Thank you, thank you for saving me!
Kostadis Roussos: And, and, and, thank you, thank you for saving me. I was, I was knocked unconscious, I, I…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me… let's… she sees the door open. With the door open, I think… I think the best thing for me to do is to walk outside.
Dimos Stathakis: No, we're first gonna give him a part of the mushroom.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, oh, she eats the mushroom, says nothing changes.
Dimos Stathakis: Back to you.
Dimos Stathakis: Who is here?
Dimos Stathakis: PC.
Dimos Stathakis: We see.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, my name is Thira Grablethumb. I am… I was traveling from an outpost to Sporedom, and was waylaid along the way.
Kostadis Roussos: I tried to escape the Githianchi patrol, but I failed, and they threw me in here.
Dimos Stathakis: Cool.
Kostadis Roussos: We're thinking of Yanki.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a percept… what's your perception?
Dimos Stathakis: Who knows?
Dimos Stathakis: Aye.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay?
Dimos Stathakis: 18 and 19 are the highest.
Kostadis Roussos: I didn't lost.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, she is not telling you the truth.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay… So, let's intimidate… intimidate… intimidation, you will get abundance, because you just wake up and see 5.
Dimos Stathakis: 20 acres, for sure.
Dimos Stathakis: We're gonna intimidate here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: Are we getting advance because we're just 5 strong, strong warriors?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you're not, you're, you're not.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, come on.
Kostadis Roussos: people.
Dimos Stathakis: You're a week.
Kostadis Roussos: You would be surprised.
Dimos Stathakis: 21…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, she is… definitely intimidated.
Dimos Stathakis: So tell us the truth.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, she goes, there's no truth to be said.
Kostadis Roussos: It's true, I was captured by the Gihyanki and brought here. There's nothing more to say. The only detail I might say, is that perhaps I wasn't working for some random outpost.
Kostadis Roussos: But that's all the lies that I may have said, and I really don't want to talk about the people who've hired me. They are not very good people, and they wouldn't appreciate me spilling the beans about them. So, if you would just be so kind as to just say, you've done me a good turn.
Dimos Stathakis: Well, we should just let you live.
Kostadis Roussos: Pardon me?
Dimos Stathakis: Why… why would… why should we just let you leave?
Kostadis Roussos: Because I'm just… she goes, I'm just an old.
Dimos Stathakis: No, you're not!
Dimos Stathakis: You just said that you were hired by some serious, mysterious guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's not what I said. I said, I, I, I didn't… did I say that? I don't think I said that.
Dimos Stathakis: You said that.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh… Hi!
Kostadis Roussos: I, you know… Okay, so she's sort of standing over here. She goes, you know!
Kostadis Roussos: You guys are such nice men! You've saved me! Can't we just call it a day, and I could go on my way, and you could go on your way?
Dimos Stathakis: No?
ncroussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Why not?
Dimos Stathakis: Because we are kiddies, As creatures, we like curiosity, so we want to learn whatever we have to learn.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so what is it that you want to learn?
Dimos Stathakis: Why was she hired who hired her?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, she goes, oh, that, that story, that… well, if you must know, it was… it was a Duergar outpost, and there was a member of the Black Network who offered me some money if I would do some spying.
Kostadis Roussos: Zentarim.
Dimos Stathakis: To who?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, to them!
Dimos Stathakis: They want them to spite themselves?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, they offered me some money if I would do some jobs, and to go spy on some other Duergar, and so I did that, and to go check out what was going on in Spordome, and in general, to see… to collect information. They were giving out money to anyone, and I just happened to be one of the ones who collected some money.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so while we're going to support them to do your job, they… They, they caught you.
Kostadis Roussos: Kiss!
Dimos Stathakis: Is that the truth?
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a insight.
Dimos Stathakis: 14, does she get help, or is it enough?
Kostadis Roussos: It's enough.
Kostadis Roussos: So, She's lying.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so do we intimidate… like, intimidation?
Kostadis Roussos: Roll for initiative.
Dimos Stathakis: initiative…
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh my god.
Kostadis Roussos: Bowl for initiative.
Dimos Stathakis: Pilot Core Initiative, please.
ncroussos: Yep, sorry, sorry.
ncroussos: Apologies.
Dimos Stathakis: No purpose.
ncroussos: 15.
Kostadis Roussos: 15?
Dimos Stathakis: Are you going to fight and… Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: That's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: What'd you say?
Dimos Stathakis: Nothing, let's… give her initiative, but let's… by the two girl.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so…
Dimos Stathakis: What are you doing there?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm… Adjusting the combat.
Dimos Stathakis: Why?
Kostadis Roussos: Because two more Githyanki emerge from the muck.
Dimos Stathakis: We should so… Excess.
Dimos Stathakis: Use a fireball and burn everything.
Kostadis Roussos: As you look around, you suddenly realize, huh.
Kostadis Roussos: There's body… there's brains around here, you could… Bromgrim goes, I guess we didn't need to kill everyone.
Dimos Stathakis: It's fine, we're gonna have extra brains.
Kostadis Roussos: The problem goes, I guess the whole kill everyone, maybe we could have avoided that.
Dimos Stathakis: No, we wouldn't.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, she gets a… the three Githyanki get a surprise round.
Kostadis Roussos: The three creatures get a surprise round.
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, in our investigation, didn't we notice that?
Kostadis Roussos: No, because, you'll find out after they're dead.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: So, let's see your roles missing once more.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, you know. Okay, this guy will attack… Little owlbear.
Kostadis Roussos: 19… 10… I think that 19 hits, right?
Dimos Stathakis: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: 16.
Dimos Stathakis: You know, something… Do the initiative yet?
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, I was just giving them initiative that they were… they have a surprise round.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, I get that booked.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So, let's sort.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, the Duergar, what does he… what does the Duergar do?
Dimos Stathakis: Wait, why did you get in a surprise attack?
Kostadis Roussos: All 3 of them do.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You don't know why.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just reframing it that way. Duergar becomes invisible.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And the other Githyanki Warrior.
Kostadis Roussos: Do some hacks at prom… at the die-in.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you guys see the die rolls?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, that's a hit.
Kostadis Roussos: And that's amazing.
Dimos Stathakis: is…
Kostadis Roussos: 16 points of damage.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You can, as you look at them, you notice that there is something off about all of these guys. Okay. Normal initiative applies. Albert, you're up.
Dimos Stathakis: Can he attack the doggird, or we don't know where he is.
Kostadis Roussos: He couldn't… TAC… But he has a disadvantage.
Dimos Stathakis: then he's gonna attack, whichever, I suppose, this one is.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, yep.
Dimos Stathakis: That's critical, that's 21 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm?
Dimos Stathakis: And that's a miss.
Kostadis Roussos: That's MS, alright.
Dimos Stathakis: Yes, Felker, your turn.
ncroussos: Right?
ncroussos: I will… Attack number one?
ncroussos: Let's see if I can actually hit this time, and I can.
ncroussos: For 23 points of damage. Not 23, hit with a 23? Oh, for only 10 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright? But you get more than one fire bolt at this level, remember that.
ncroussos: I do.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you're a 13th level Freakin'… spellcaster, check your spells.
ncroussos: I have…
Kostadis Roussos: Is it one spell… is it one firebolt? Oh, this firebolt… is it one firebolt does more damage, or one firebolt.
ncroussos: Guys, one fight about the 3D10.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. I thought it was 3 attacks, not…
ncroussos: Right, I hit it with my pistol.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
ncroussos: Well, I basically rolled some of the worst damage I possibly could this round.
Kostadis Roussos: But you only do 3 points of damage?
ncroussos: I rolled a 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Ow. Yeah, that's pretty bad.
ncroussos: Next turn.
Dimos Stathakis: Diane will try to attack the duo guard.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: That's a niece.
Dimos Stathakis: And that's a hit for 15.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: Is he still invisible?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Dimos Stathakis: This is an invisibility concentration, though?
Kostadis Roussos: That's not a spell.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay…
Dimos Stathakis: I'll just make sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just make sure. Let me just make sure.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, I just realized… you asked a great question, I just didn't… I thought it was.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just see…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he magically turns invisible, it's not a spell.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, that's fine.
Dimos Stathakis: Critters will attack number 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: That's a hit, and number one is still alive.
Dimos Stathakis: But he's gonna use Favorite Foe, and he's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh?
Kostadis Roussos: And out of his head pops out this.
Dimos Stathakis: So he tells me not a brain.
Kostadis Roussos: Intellect of our…
Dimos Stathakis: Come on.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Dimos Stathakis: Well, technically, it's a brain.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, with legs.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
ncroussos: Why does the brain have its brain of its own?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so we'll just put his initiative…
Kostadis Roussos: He still gets it… he still gets… he still gets to attack this round. Alright. Okay. Karitas is done.
Dimos Stathakis: No, he has one more attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh?
Dimos Stathakis: She's gonna use Hunter's Mark on the brain.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You're marking these spells as you cast them, right?
Dimos Stathakis: Yes, yes, don't you worry.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not worried.
Dimos Stathakis: God.
Dimos Stathakis: a heat… For a total…
Dimos Stathakis: Third… 10 heat points.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the Intellect Devourer will attempt to use his Mind Blast ability on the… On… predictably…
Kostadis Roussos: The owlbearer.
Kostadis Roussos: Because that's the creature most likely to be affected by it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
Kostadis Roussos: Make a DC-12 intelligence saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: Owlbear.
Dimos Stathakis: Intelligence.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes?
Kostadis Roussos: I can't believe he rolled a natural 20.
Dimos Stathakis: Technically, here, all the 4, so it's 0.
Kostadis Roussos: No! Oh, he rolled a zero.
Dimos Stathakis: You technically said that we get the first one, though.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that makes me feel a lot better. Alright, rule.
Kostadis Roussos: What's his intelligence?
Dimos Stathakis: minus 4.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, what's isn't actual intelligence?
Dimos Stathakis: 3.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he is stunned.
ncroussos: I just imagine that the elevator's jaw dropped.
Kostadis Roussos: Goodbye.
Kostadis Roussos: Stunned.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, since he is stunned, this guy goes 1…
Kostadis Roussos: One, okay, because you get an attack of opportunity with a melee weapon, not with a ranged weapon.
Dimos Stathakis: Hawaii.
Kostadis Roussos: Because those are the rules.
Dimos Stathakis: Can we break the rules?
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Dimos Stathakis: He has a 12.
Dimos Stathakis: How much hit points? He has 8. He doesn't kill.
Dimos Stathakis: Alright? Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: That says… oh, 7.
Dimos Stathakis: Wait, does the Colossus Slayer apply here?
Kostadis Roussos: No, because… oh, Colossus Slayer is an ability of the.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay, yeah, it does, absolutely.
Dimos Stathakis: Or what we'd spent.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
ncroussos: Woo!
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: So, Bramgrave?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I'm not, let me just see who's up next. Yeah, it's Brombrim.
Dimos Stathakis: Question. If he uses TrueSight, can he see him?
Dimos Stathakis: Through Sink.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he can, he can absolutely see him.
Dimos Stathakis: Is it worth it?
Kostadis Roussos: From the best you're guessing, this Thera is running away.
Kostadis Roussos: And, you know, poor Therese might die, but, you know, that's life.
Dimos Stathakis: You know you haven't hid the creature, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know, I know, I know.
Kostadis Roussos: The rules of invisibility are the following. He didn't… the creature didn't hide, so you can't use… the things… you can't use sight spells, right? So you can't…
Kostadis Roussos: Use, like, if… And… but invisibility does not mean inaudible, it doesn't mean, like, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Thus, the rule is it applies at a disadvantage. Does that make sense?
Dimos Stathakis: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: To hit.
Dimos Stathakis: Time to see…
Dimos Stathakis: That's… that's not…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, yeah, so the rule is you do know which… unless he successfully hides, you know which square he's in. Does that make sense?
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And that's… that's what the rule says. You just have disadvantage to attack, and you can't use spells that require, that, scope… scale… spells are abilities that require you to point at a target creature, not as a target space.
Kostadis Roussos: Does that make sense?
Kostadis Roussos: So, like.
Dimos Stathakis: What's up?
Kostadis Roussos: wouldn't. Magic Missile wouldn't work here, Firebolt wouldn't work here, Fireball would.
Kostadis Roussos: You could hit with your longbow, etc.
Kostadis Roussos: So what are you gonna do?
Kostadis Roussos: Demos?
Dimos Stathakis: I'm reading a new spell that I have never seen before.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: It's the Guardian of Faith.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, that spell, allows you to put a creature that basically attacks anybody who moves in his area.
Dimos Stathakis: Even if he is invisible.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Remember… Unless you hide, he still can see you, so you want to cast a guardian.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so if you… if I put it here, he's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, if he hits.
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, it's a saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, cast the spell?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean… The other thing you could do is you could just cast,
Kostadis Roussos: And move here, right? Spirit of Guardians.
Dimos Stathakis: I know, but I kind of want to play with other spells except Speed Guardian.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, go for it.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, yeah, let's… Past… Gods of faith.
Dimos Stathakis: You have a 7… this is 17.
Kostadis Roussos: What do I say?
Dimos Stathakis: the same.
Kostadis Roussos: What does Guardian of Faith do?
Dimos Stathakis: 20 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: I'm guessing you don't have plus 10.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no. So…
Dimos Stathakis: Cheez.
Kostadis Roussos: No. He's… His.
Dimos Stathakis: Brain comes out, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, his Intellect Devourer is not dead, though.
Dimos Stathakis: My question is, does… The… does she have to roll a dexterated ceiling throat, too?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I think so.
Dimos Stathakis: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: And he blows it as well, so he's down to 1 hit point.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah…
Kostadis Roussos: Tell me that… It's.
Dimos Stathakis: A bonus section.
Kostadis Roussos: It's an action. It's okay.
Dimos Stathakis: So, yeah, that's… From return, you have to add
Dimos Stathakis: the brain to the spreadsheet and role initiative.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so it's done 40 points of damage, so it only could do damage one more time. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, who's next?
Dimos Stathakis: You have to put the brain to see if he's… the brain plays or not.
Kostadis Roussos: What do you mean? The brain has one hit point.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah?
Dimos Stathakis: But she has to run an incident.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that is true.
Kostadis Roussos: It gets to attack… the brain gets to move this at the… at this… at the end of this turn.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Alright, and we will stop here.
Dimos Stathakis: Are we finishing the turn, or…
Kostadis Roussos: You know, we're finishing the turn, we're finishing the turn.
Dimos Stathakis: I did.
Kostadis Roussos: What the hell? Why didn't you know? Fine, whatever. You know what? Roll D20 in the old-fashioned way.
Kostadis Roussos: 15.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, the Intellect Devourer this turn… Skeddles.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, it's down to one hit point.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, who's next?
Dimos Stathakis: the Warrior, and we finish.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the Warrior.
Kostadis Roussos: What does a warrior do?
Kostadis Roussos: Misty steps.
Dimos Stathakis: Why they're always trying to escape?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay. Can we stop here.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay?
Kostadis Roussos: It's been fun.
Kostadis Roussos: I think, I hope you've… this was fun.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, it is.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Have a good one!
Dimos Stathakis: See you next week.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, next week.
Kostadis Roussos: Stay next to Enoch.
Kostadis Roussos: Bye.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you okay, guys? You guys all very quiet all of a sudden.
Dimos Stathakis: I'm just tired.
Kostadis Roussos: Why are you retired, man?
Dimos Stathakis: I won't go.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, I agree.
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, people.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh my god, he's so tired.
Dimos Stathakis: I went go-karting and streaming today.
Kostadis Roussos: Tokav.
Dimos Stathakis: Anocado.
Kostadis Roussos: You know what I told them, Nick? Just for… for you…
Kostadis Roussos: Nick, do you know what I told them?
Kostadis Roussos: Nate, can you hear me?
Kostadis Roussos: Nick?
Kostadis Roussos: Nick, you're… not… your volume's down.
Kostadis Roussos: Bonade, here it to.
Kostadis Roussos: Nick!
Dimos Stathakis: Tapuma.
Kostadis Roussos: Onico sine jodros.
ncroussos: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Nick goes, Nick… Nick can't hear us.
ncroussos: What the heck?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, we were discussing, you know, all sorts of things about you that you're, like.
ncroussos: Wait, that's so weird, what the fuck just happened?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
Dimos Stathakis: I mean?
Kostadis Roussos: for a moment, he didn't realize… I was like, why is not Nick reacting?
ncroussos: I'm so sorry, I thought you just… I think I might have hit mute accidentally.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know, you must have cut the volume out. Anyway, I was asking Vimos, why is he so tired, and I go, mana.
ncroussos: Sorry, I literally…
Kostadis Roussos: And I'm like, wait, I get nothing from that? Anyway, so she just… he just admitted that he's tired because you've had too much fun with the girlfriend.
Kostadis Roussos: Your mind went into the naughty place. I don't know if that…
ncroussos: I… your mind thought, my mind went into the naughty place.
ncroussos: I was just gonna call him a thimp, I wasn't gonna say anything else.
Kostadis Roussos: What, they went go-karting, what else did you do?
Dimos Stathakis: went streaming.
Kostadis Roussos: They went to the beach, they went go-karting. These are good things to do with your girlfriend.
ncroussos: You're my thought, I went into the dirty place.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I, I, I, I just, you had that look, did he not have that look, Vimus?
ncroussos: I was trying to say he was a simp.
Dimos Stathakis: I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure.
Kostadis Roussos: I…
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: plat humanaleismo.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Add. Fila.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh my gosh.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: De villiers.
Dimos Stathakis: Hatapuma?
Kostadis Roussos: None it.